c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\catedratico.exe.config
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\catedratico.exe
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\catedratico.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\catedratico.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\catedratico.form_cat.resources
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\catedratico.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\catedratico.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\catedratico.exe
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\catedratico.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\MySql.Fabric.Plugin.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\es\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\es\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\catedratico.form_cursosact.resources
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\catedratico.form_historial.resources
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\catedratico\catedratico\obj\Debug\AsignaciondeCursos.Form_Login.resources
